content/Teaching/_index.md, before:

---
title: 'Teaching'
cms_exclude: true

# Optional header image (relative to `static/media/` folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---

## Workshops
In 2022, I gave a workshop on Bayesian Structural Equation Modeling during the conference [SEM: New Developments and Applications](https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/about/schools/socialsciences/organization/departments/methodology-statistics/events/structural-equation-modeling). Materials for this workshop are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/sara-vanerp/BSEMworkshop).

## Courses
I have taught work groups in various methodology and statistics courses since 2012, first as student-assistant and later as a PhD candidate. As Assistant Professor at Utrecht University, I have (co-)coordinated and taught in various methodology and statistics courses.

## Supervision

### 2022-Current
#### PhD-Student Road to Resilience project
I am co-promotor and daily supervisor of *Sanne Appels* on the interdisciplinary [Road to Resilience](https://wil.sites.uu.nl/home/) project. The goal of this project is to uncover protective factors and compensatory mechanisms behind resilient trajectories in atypical literacy acquisition using Bayesian (regularized) SEM.

### 2022
#### Research Master Methodology and Statistics for the Behavioural Biomedical and Social Sciences
- *Michael Koch*. Getting a Step Ahead: Using the Regularized Horseshoe Prior to Select Cross-Loadings in Bayesian CFA. All code available on [GitHub](https://github.com/JMBKoch/1vs2StepBayesianRegSEM).

### 2021
#### Master Applied Data Science
- *Ylias Ben Salah*. A Comparison between Bayesian penalized regression priors: Lasso and regularized horseshoe.

- *Rashied Amir*. The key differences between the classic and Bayesian LASSO: Comparing shrinkage and variable selection properties in regression problems.

Commit message:

add Bayes summer school course

content/Teaching/_index.md, after:

---
title: 'Teaching'
cms_exclude: true

# Optional header image (relative to `static/media/` folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---

## Workshops
In 2022, I gave a workshop on Bayesian Structural Equation Modeling during the conference [SEM: New Developments and Applications](https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/about/schools/socialsciences/organization/departments/methodology-statistics/events/structural-equation-modeling). Materials for this workshop are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/sara-vanerp/BSEMworkshop).

## Courses
I have taught work groups in various methodology and statistics courses since 2012, first as student-assistant and later as a PhD candidate. As Assistant Professor at Utrecht University, I have (co-)coordinated and taught in various methodology and statistics courses, including the Bayesian summer school course for which I developed [new materials](https://utrechtuniversity.github.io/BayesianEstimation/).

## Supervision

### 2022-Current
#### PhD-Student Road to Resilience project
I am co-promotor and daily supervisor of *Sanne Appels* on the interdisciplinary [Road to Resilience](https://wil.sites.uu.nl/home/) project. The goal of this project is to uncover protective factors and compensatory mechanisms behind resilient trajectories in atypical literacy acquisition using Bayesian (regularized) SEM.

### 2022
#### Research Master Methodology and Statistics for the Behavioural Biomedical and Social Sciences
- *Michael Koch*. Getting a Step Ahead: Using the Regularized Horseshoe Prior to Select Cross-Loadings in Bayesian CFA. All code available on [GitHub](https://github.com/JMBKoch/1vs2StepBayesianRegSEM).

### 2021
#### Master Applied Data Science
- *Ylias Ben Salah*. A Comparison between Bayesian penalized regression priors: Lasso and regularized horseshoe.

- *Rashied Amir*. The key differences between the classic and Bayesian LASSO: Comparing shrinkage and variable selection properties in regression problems.
